Let's actually do something fun.
It's pose demo, what it's doing?
It's simply gonna grab
the image from the web camera.
We can probably just, yeah,
let's mount it a little bit.
And it's analyzing the image and
it's trying to figure out
a couple of interesting points.
For instance, those five points on my
face, they correspond to you nose,
eyes and the ears.
It's a little bit lagging,
so if I'm moving too fast,
it's just because it's
updating the image first and
then the overlay coming as
the next frame on top of it.
But on top of just
tracking the face points,
it can track the whole figure.
I'm not sure if I can stand here,
yeah, I will risk pulling the mic.
Yeah, you cannot see it exactly.
But the thing is, the whole figure,
all my hands, they can be tracked.
[LAUGH] Okay [LAUGH] try it yourself.
If you just go to the GitHub repo and
click the link,
just allow your web camera to be used.
And do you want to try multiple
people in the same frame?
[LAUGH]
Try to wave your hand or something.
>> [LAUGH]
>> It's pretty cool, all right,
play around with it, it's pretty awesome.
And it's using machine learning.
So right now the architecture
is MobileNetV1,
right here, I can highlight it.
You can actually switch
from mobile to ResNet,
but ResNet is significantly bigger.
So right now,
we have six frames per second, right?
You can see the image is
a little bit sluggish.
If we switch to ResNet I think it
will drop to something like three
frames per seconds.
Maybe even less than that, zero,
[LAUGH] no, back to three.
Okay, but you can improve the speed if you
for instance, change the input resolution.
It's not the resolution
of the image shown here,
it's the resolution of the image
provided to the neural network.
Yeah, you can see it, it didn't affect
the performance of the model itself,
but significantly improved
the frames per second.
And if you're gonna be playing around with
it, right now algorithm is multipose.
It means it will be
analyzing multiple people.
You can switch to single pose,
which will increase the performance.
But unfortunately, it seems that Google
guys [LAUGH] made a bug in the code.
Because right now those
points are mirrored.
So you can see [LAUGH],
the overlay at least, is mirrored.
So, yeah, we should probably
file a bug report to them.
But anyway, it's a really fun demo, and
you can play with it yourself and
just see how it works there.
A couple of things you can do,
just turning on and
off things and kind of modifying
the parameters of the model itself.
It's pretty fun, and
the source code is available.
So if you just go to TFJS examples and
look for PoseNet.
That's the demo with the source code,
the one they used.